already there we go in order to get my
front end on though the hood yeah stick
this little tab on here cut her off of
some scrap metal out of my little pile
over there so in order to get this hood
to stay on kind of weld some stuff on
here so if you come to my channel to
watch all kinds of fine measurements and
all kinds of crafty like that
you're not going to find it nothing but
a bunch of a hack and I enter up stuff
on this channel here we go let's go well
we're working with the white after whole
crapload of clearancing issues as you
can probably tell everything's pretty
close no even get over here see in their
spree down close I not stroll out Connor
oh damn it's starting to rain got
her to fit as you can see sport and hood
well I guess I'd better get back at that
wiring want to hear this thing run I'm
gonna start to bypass all these safeties
and all that kind of crap let's put some
little little jumpers in yeah let's
clean this up well I guess got the
wiring somewhat straightened out enough
to start it anyway so I gotta tie down
the battery or not but what a pisser
turn it over a few times battery's dead
son of a bitch Oh guess i'll charge it
up and judging by the weather
blowing in yeah figures as soon as i say
that the wind stops i I think I'm done
for the night so uh no male end the
video here or I'll continue again
another day cool